README.md, before:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/badges/StandWithUkraine.svg)](https://stand-with-ukraine.pp.ua)

## Hi, everyone! 👋🏼

My name is Chris. I am 31 years old & a passionate open-source developer who loves to travel the world, learn about new cultures & eat good food. When I am not traveling, I live in Los Angeles, CA.

### A few highlights

- [Stacks](https://github.com/stacksjs/stacks) - A modern full-stack framework.
- [Buddy](https://github.com/stacksjs/buddy) - The Stacks CLI.
- [Open Web](https://github.com/ow3org) - An inclusive community that develops progressive, open web standards, and stacks.
- [audiox](https://github.com/stacksjs/audiox) - Powerful audio processing for your workflows.
- [clarity](https://github.com/stacksjs/clarity) - Modern debugging & logging for browser & server.
- [localtunnels](https://github.com/stacksjs/localtunnels) - A simple and smart tunneling alternative. _Without or with self-hosting._
- [dtsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/dtsx) - Extremely fast & configurable DTS emitter.
- [dnsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/dnsx) - A command-line & library DNS client. _Like dig & dog, but for TypeScript._
- [httx](https://github.com/stacksjs/httx) - A modern, user-friendly command-line & library HTTP client _“for the API era.”_
- [imgx](https://github.com/stacksjs/imgx) - Make your images load faster. _A better save for the web._
- [jpgx](https://github.com/stacksjs/jpgx) - A TypeScript JPEG encoder & decoder for Bun & Node.js.
- [pngx](https://github.com/stacksjs/pngx) - Modern PNG encoder & decoder.
- [post](https://github.com/stacksjs/post) - The Post. A modern mail server & utilities. _Ships with a CLI, library, and UI._
- [qrx](https://github.com/stacksjs/qrx) - QR & Bar Code generating & reading. _Lightweight & powerful._
- [rpx](https://github.com/stacksjs/rpx) - A modern, fast reverse proxy. _For a better local development environment._
- [tlsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/tlsx) - A TLS library with automation & HTTPS by default.
- [vidx](https://github.com/stacksjs/vidx) - Make your videos load faster. _A better save for the web._
- [ts-avif](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-avif) - High quality & small file sizes.
- [ts-collect](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-collect) - A powerful, yet lightweight, Laravel-like Collections written for TypeScript.
- [ts-countries](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-countries) - Modern, lightweight, elegant country data management.
- [ts-gif](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-gif) - Performant TypeScript implementation of a GIF encoder & decoder.
- [ts-maps](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-maps) - Modern & lightweightlibrary for creating interactive vector maps.
- [ts-ndarray](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-ndarray) - Multidimensional arrays for JavaScript & TypeScript.
- [ts-punycode](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-punycode) - Lightweight Punycode converter. _RFC 3492 & RFC 5891 supported._
- [ts-security](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-security) - Performant & lightweight cryptography tooling.
- [ts-spreadsheets](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-spreadsheets) - Easily generate spreadsheets, like CSVs and Excel files.
- [ts-svg](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-svg) - Powerful developer toolkit for working with SVGs.
- [ts-webp](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-webp) - A modern image format for the Web.
- [bunfig](https://github.com/stacksjs/bunfig) - Lightweight & smart Bun configuration loader.
- [bun-git-hooks](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-git-hooks) - A simple git hooks manager for all-sized Bun projects.
- [bun-plugin-auto-imports](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-auto-imports) - Auto Imports support for Bun.
- [bun-plugin-dtsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-dtsx) - Automatically generate your TypeScript DTS files, using Bun's bundler.
- [bun-plugin-unocss](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-unocss) - “Instant On-demand Atomic CSS Engine” _- UnoCSS_
- [vite-plugin-local](https://github.com/stacksjs/vite-plugin-local) - Pretty development URLs, and HTTPS. _Zero config, zero setup._
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/chrisbbreuer/dotfiles) - My personal dotfiles.

### Current Focus

- [_Stacks v1.0_](https://github.com/stacksjs/stacks)

Connect with me here, on Discord, or on Bluesky—would love to hear from you!

_Oh, and say hi to our mascot & CLI inspiration, [Buddy](https://www.instagram.com/somebuddyspecial/)—the doggie & partner in crime._

Commit message:

chore: add dotenvx package mentions

README.md, after:

[![Stand With Ukraine](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vshymanskyy/StandWithUkraine/main/badges/StandWithUkraine.svg)](https://stand-with-ukraine.pp.ua)

## Hi, everyone! 👋🏼

My name is Chris. I am 31 years old & a passionate open-source developer who loves to travel the world, learn about new cultures & eat good food. When I am not traveling, I live in Los Angeles, CA.

### A few highlights

- [Stacks](https://github.com/stacksjs/stacks) - A modern full-stack framework.
- [Buddy](https://github.com/stacksjs/buddy) - The Stacks CLI.
- [Open Web](https://github.com/ow3org) - An inclusive community that develops progressive, open web standards, and stacks.
- [audiox](https://github.com/stacksjs/audiox) - Powerful audio processing for your workflows.
- [clarity](https://github.com/stacksjs/clarity) - Modern debugging & logging for browser & server.
- [localtunnels](https://github.com/stacksjs/localtunnels) - A simple and smart tunneling alternative. _Without or with self-hosting._
- [dtsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/dtsx) - Extremely fast & configurable DTS emitter.
- [dnsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/dnsx) - A command-line & library DNS client. _Like dig & dog, but for TypeScript._
- [httx](https://github.com/stacksjs/httx) - A modern, user-friendly command-line & library HTTP client _“for the API era.”_
- [imgx](https://github.com/stacksjs/imgx) - Make your images load faster. _A better save for the web._
- [jpgx](https://github.com/stacksjs/jpgx) - A TypeScript JPEG encoder & decoder for Bun & Node.js.
- [pngx](https://github.com/stacksjs/pngx) - Modern PNG encoder & decoder.
- [post](https://github.com/stacksjs/post) - The Post. A modern mail server & utilities. _Ships with a CLI, library, and UI._
- [qrx](https://github.com/stacksjs/qrx) - QR & Bar Code generating & reading. _Lightweight & powerful._
- [rpx](https://github.com/stacksjs/rpx) - A modern, fast reverse proxy. _For a better local development environment._
- [tlsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/tlsx) - A TLS library with automation & HTTPS by default.
- [vidx](https://github.com/stacksjs/vidx) - Make your videos load faster. _A better save for the web._
- [ts-avif](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-avif) - High quality & small file sizes.
- [ts-collect](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-collect) - A powerful, yet lightweight, Laravel-like Collections written for TypeScript.
- [ts-countries](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-countries) - Modern, lightweight, elegant country data management.
- [ts-gif](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-gif) - Performant TypeScript implementation of a GIF encoder & decoder.
- [ts-maps](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-maps) - Modern & lightweightlibrary for creating interactive vector maps.
- [ts-ndarray](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-ndarray) - Multidimensional arrays for JavaScript & TypeScript.
- [ts-punycode](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-punycode) - Lightweight Punycode converter. _RFC 3492 & RFC 5891 supported._
- [ts-security](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-security) - Performant & lightweight cryptography tooling.
- [ts-spreadsheets](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-spreadsheets) - Easily generate spreadsheets, like CSVs and Excel files.
- [ts-svg](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-svg) - Powerful developer toolkit for working with SVGs.
- [ts-webp](https://github.com/stacksjs/ts-webp) - A modern image format for the Web.
- [bunfig](https://github.com/stacksjs/bunfig) - Lightweight & smart Bun configuration loader.
- [bun-git-hooks](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-git-hooks) - A simple git hooks manager for all-sized Bun projects.
- [bun-plugin-auto-imports](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-auto-imports) - Auto Imports support for Bun.
- [bun-plugin-dotenvx](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-dotenvx) - A Bun plugin to seamlessly work with with dotenvx.
- [bun-plugin-dtsx](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-dtsx) - Automatically generate your TypeScript DTS files, using Bun's bundler.
- [bun-plugin-unocss](https://github.com/stacksjs/bun-plugin-unocss) - “Instant On-demand Atomic CSS Engine” _- UnoCSS_
- [vite-plugin-dotenvx](https://github.com/stacksjs/vite-plugin-dotenvx) - A Vite plugin to seamlessly work with with dotenvx.
- [vite-plugin-local](https://github.com/stacksjs/vite-plugin-local) - Pretty development URLs, and HTTPS. _Zero config, zero setup._
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/chrisbbreuer/dotfiles) - My personal dotfiles.

### Current Focus

- [_Stacks v1.0_](https://github.com/stacksjs/stacks)

Connect with me here, on Discord, or on Bluesky—would love to hear from you!

_Oh, and say hi to our mascot & CLI inspiration, [Buddy](https://www.instagram.com/somebuddyspecial/)—the doggie & partner in crime._
